That's not right
The mask will be with you tomorrow
You still have to let me marry you
Ah
You know I have the habit of getting up and waking up
I can't wake up at that time
You still have to let me in
What do you mean
You have done something wrong to me, you are still reasonable
If this gets out
How can I meet people and marry people in the future
Sister, we have been dependent on my mother since we were young
Growing up like this, my mother didn't touch a finger of mine
You actually hit me today
I dare not want this family
Humph
Cut
Get out of here
Unsatisfactory things
Dream one dream one
Dream one
You can't go
My eldest girl's mental loss fee
The second girl's mental loss fee is the least 200,000
200,000 how do you count 200,000
I'll tell you politely what you're yelling at
Then 300,000